okay what's up everybody this is the
tDCS super bowl show I'm here to tell
you my predictions are broke I broke the
goal on somebody the other day back
behind me some nasty footage I got out
shorty but up this is the show where I
tell you my predictions I got collector
too what's up clutch we're going to talk
madden in just a minute but first of all
I'm gonna give you my prediction of
what's gonna happen of course I don't
want to pittsburgh steelers the win of
course of course of course but this is
what i think is going to happen it's all
on Doug Legursky if Doug Legursky cannot
handle bj raji man oh man which I don't
think he can I don't think he can if he
can't handle him man oh man and need
help to to contain bj raji from
destroying everything in the middle of
that offense then it's gonna suck
everything to the middle and cause those
linebackers to be able to create havoc
all around that filled with blitzes and
with zones is just going to be it's
going to be crazy so that's what I think
is going to happen in the school bowl
Green Bay wins just because of their
defense and Aaron Rodgers who plays
quarterback like a defensive player will
attack pittsburgh's defense with the
same virosa T veracity or whatever you
want word you want to use this
pittsburgh's defense is going to attack
green base often so there's going to be
even match their green bay's defense is
going to take Pittsburgh's on fence game
over bye-bye big bin all right what's up
what do you think what do you thinks
gonna happen basically the same thing
you're saying that offers a lot of
Pittsburgh is laughable k my flow sales
get a brain can't let flow they'll get a
ring no can I what does in our own house
no what no but uh yeah I mean I think
the same thing and our Aaron Rodgers
should just I'd like the way you said it
you see basil to the player he will he
he watches he knows he's doing yeah your
tax text I didn't think the Packers have
to do those I have to spread out that
Pittsburgh defense they don't spread
them out do you guys do for or why a lot
well Pittsburgh doesn't have the
greatest corners and a quarterback that
as is as accurate
as aggressive as Aaron Rodgers he might
throw a pick might but he's going to rip
a secondary like that apart so
Pittsburgh's gonna have to come back
with somebody doesn't then adjust them
knew they didn't spread and spread fish
first defencing and then costing the
game I gotta go long run yeah you know
playing damn bit conservative running
the ball yeah I can't do that with green
bay yeah all right that's the upper
super baldie Madden Super Bowl the real
slow ball is coming up so we was trying
to get to play this weekend but it was
hard with people's schedules to make
sure they play important game so we're
gonna push through playing important
games and gonna try to finish as soon as
possible but as soon as we finish will
let you know he's got more to talk about
it cuz he's got AB website going on
everything it's awesome i love it what's
up you got you gotta go ahead no great
go ahead talk about them oh the website
oh I contact an old guys League only
like have them signed up so far so
apparently messages unless if you need
to know how to get onto the site and
sign up and stuff i sent a message on
playstation network but if you're still
confused let us know it's kind of
confusing it's kind of confusing but
it's real nice you get to see the power
rankings i got them cowboys number five
you can see the playoff hunt you get to
see you know it's a whole bunch of it
pulls the information from the Pro Bowl
Pro Bowls using awards you know just all
sorts of stuff you can also see the
stats like there's player stats and
touch feels like the best quarterbacks
are you know rate their quarterback
ratings and stuff you all you guys can
go to the site and look at all like what
what's happening league in if you're not
lead yeah I'll put the hook time link in
the description in the joint league and
you signed up so you can start doing
more stuff with the site put the link
below in the india though description
below yeah i'm just your new description
i'll have it in there so uh that's all
we have for you right now i want to make
a quick video before super bowl that is
the super bowl weekend and enjoy it have
a good time eat eat eat enjoy this game
as much as possible and hope that
there's better weather in dallas my dad
is there and I hate them for his first
Super Bowl he's freezing his buns off
but uh enjoy the super bowl I think I
will I think it will be really good
football game a really good one all
right i'll let you be